java cEDE 60604 ELT METHODOLOGYAPRIL 2024ASSIGNMENT BRIEFSPlease read the following instructions carefully.A. Late submission of assignment Assignments submitted within 24 hours after the published deadline will be penalized – 5 points from the overall score will be deducted. This reduced mark will be used in the calculation of the overall module score.Assignments will not be accepted after the 24-hour window and will be recorded as a non-submission.A score of ZERO will be awarded.B. Extension of Deadline No extension will be granted for the assignment, except in the case of extenuating circumstances. Please refer to the section on Extenuating Circumstances below, should you like to request for consideration of extenuating circumstances.C. Extenuating circumstances Extenuating circumstances are circumstances which are unforeseen, unexpected, significantly disruptive and beyond a student’s control.The circumstances must relate to a specific piece of assessment rather than being problems of a kind that affect a year as a whole or parts of it.
A student who is of the opinion that his or her ability to complete the assignment before the submission deadline has been adversely affected by an extenuating circumstance could apply for extension by writing an official email to the lecturer at KasthooriBai.MN@taylors.edu.my. Relevant supporting documentary evidence must be attached with the email.Circumstances that are unlikely to be accepted as extenuating circumstances include the following:· personal illness or disability for which arrangements are already in place.· normal anxiety experienced during the assessment period (unless corroborated by medical evidence as a chronic condition and undergoing treatment).· non serious domestic or personal disruptions (e.g. moving house, change of job, holidays, weddings, normal job pressure, failed travel arrangements, financial difficulties, oversleeping).· study related circumstances (equipment failure including computing, failure to have taken back up copies for work corrupted, bunching of deadlines/examinations, poor time management, misreading the submission deadline)(Note: The above list is not exhaustive).D. Feedback and Scores 
The scores and feedback on the assignment will be given to you within 10-15 days of your submission. The scores and feedback will be included in the returned assignment. The purpose of the feedback is to help you to assess your ability to apply the knowledge and concepts taught in the module in sufficient depth, as well as your progress toward meeting the module objectives.
E. Citations and References
All in-text citations and the reference list should follow the general format of the Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association, (7th ed.). https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/apa_style_introduction.html
F. Plaigarism
The acceptable similarity index threshold for all assignments is set below 30%.
You may submit your assignment for plagiarism check as many times as you should require. However, please note that after the third attempt, it may take up to 24 hours for the report to be generated.
Your work should not contain:i. materials previously published or written by another person or A.I.ii. materials which have been accepted for the award of any other degree or diploma of the university or other institutes of higher learning unless they are properly cited.
Using generative AI and AI-assisted technologies such as Chatbots to help with idea generation or planning is appropriate for this module, though your context and the nature of your assignment must be considered. It is not acceptable to use these tools to write your entire essay or assignment. Also, please bear in mind that words and ideas generated by some AI make use of other authors' ideas without referencing them, which is controversial in itself and is considered to be a form. of plagiarism and academic misconduct. Please note that students are responsible for the originality and contents of their work.ASSIGNMENT 1
Learning Outcome assessed:
MLO 1: Apply key concepts and principles in the teaching of listening and speaking. (C3) (TGC 1.3, 1.4)Form. of AssessmentIndividual / GroupWeightSubmission DateE-PortfolioPair15%Week 628th June 2024
Task:
Design a digital portfolio of activities, resources, and materials to teach listening and speaking in an ESL/EFL secondary classroom.
Description:· Create a digital portfolio using any appropriate platform. of your choice, for example, Google Site / Wix / WordPress.· Your e-portfolio must include a minimum of six (6) materials/resources to teach the aural-oral skills [listening and speaking]. · For each material/resource, you must:i. State the source of the material/resource.ii. Describe in detail how the materials/resources will be used in the teaching -learning activity.iii. Explain what modifications and adaptations are needed, and why.iv. Justify your selection of materials/resources and the design of the teaching learning activities using appropriate ELT principles and best practices. GRADING RUBRICS FOR ASSIGNMENT 1CriteriaWeightageOutstanding (9-10)Mastering (7-8)Developing (5-6)Beginning (0-4)
Adapt and apply skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies in teaching ESL/EFL listening and speaking (TGC1.3)10
Adapt and apply, independently, skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies to solve difficult problems or explore complex issues relating to teaching ESL/EFL listening and speaking in original ways.



Adapt and apply, independently, skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies gained in various classroom settings to solve problems or explore issues relating to teaching ESL/EFL listening and speaking.


Adapt and apply, independently, skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies to contribute to an understanding of problems or issues relating to teaching ESL/EFL listening and speaking.


Uses, in a basic way, skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies relating to teaching ESL/EFL listening and speaking.CriteriaWeightageOutstanding (4-5)Mastering (3)Developing (2)Beginning (0-1)
Analyze, synthesize, and integrate knowledge from more than one ELT principle / concept (TGC 1.4)5
Independently creates a whole out of multiple parts or draws conclusions by combining examples, facts, and theories from more than one ELT principle / concept
Independently connects examples and facts from more than one ELT principle / concept
When prompted, the student connects examples and facts from more than one ELT principle / concept.
When prompted, the student presents examples and facts from more than one ELT principle / concept.
ASSIGNMENT 2
Learning Outcome assessed:
LO 2: Apply key concepts and principles in the teaching of reading and writing. (C3) (TGC 1.3)
LO 4: Deliver an English lesson with co代 写EDE 60604 ELT METHODOLOGY 2024
代做程序编程语言nsideration to audience, purpose, and context. (TGC 3.1)Form. of AssessmentIndividual / GroupWeightageSubmission DateEssayIndividual20%Week 10
Task:
Give a talk on teaching reading and writing by exploring key concepts and providing specific examples. Outline the talk in an essay format.
Description: There are two parts to this assignment.Part 1 – EssayYou are required to produce an essay (Genre: talk). The task is for you to give a talk on teaching reading and writing by exploring key concepts, principles and strategies and providing specific examples. In preparing your talk, you must take into consideration:o the setting and contexto the target audience (learners and colleagues)o the purpose of the talko any other relevant considerationsPart 2 – Impromptu ReflectionYou will also be required to write an impromptu reflection of the essay you have written.You will be given 30 minutes during Week 10 tutorial to write your reflection.In preparing yourself for this task, you must have a good understanding of skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies gained in the teaching of reading and writing which you have discussed in your essay.
Detailed instructions will be provided during class.

Submission Instructions (Essay):· Your assignment should not exceed 2000 words (excluding cover page and references) · Your assignment should be typed using 12 pt. Times New Roman font, double spaced on standard size paper (A4).· Use the standard Assignment Cover Page provided by the instructor.· The compilation order of your assignment is as following:a. Cover Pageb. Essayc. Reference list· Compile and save your assignment file in the following format:  GRADING RUBRICS FOR ASSIGNMENT 2CriteriaWeightageOutstanding (9-10)Mastering (7-8)Developing (5-6)Beginning (0-4)
Adapt and apply skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies gained in the teaching of reading and writing (TGC 1.3)

10
Adapt and apply, independently, skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies to solve difficult problems or explore complex issues relating to the teaching of reading and writing in original ways.

Adapt and apply, independently, skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies to solve problems or explore issues relating to the teaching of reading and writing.
Adapt and apply, independently, skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies to contribute to an understanding of problems or issues relating to the teaching of reading and writing.
Uses, in a basic way, skills, abilities, theories, or ELT methodologies in the teaching of reading and writing.
Deliver content with consideration of audience (learners and colleagues), purpose of the talk, and context (school and classroom setting) (TGC3.1)
10
Deliver compelling content which demonstrates a thorough understanding of appropriate classroom setting, learners, and learning outcomes.
Deliver a central content which demonstrates a thorough understanding of appropriate classroom setting, learners, and learning outcomes.
Deliver basic content which demonstrates a basic understanding of appropriate classroom setting, learners, and learning outcomes.
Deliver superficial content which demonstrates a lack of understanding of appropriate classroom setting, learners, and learning outcomes. ASSIGNMENT 3
Learning Outcome assessed:
LO 3: Develop a feasible plan to solve problems in the teaching and learning of English language (TGC 2a.1, 2a.2, 2b.5)Form. of AssessmentIndividual / GroupWeightageSubmission DateProjectSmall GroupFive (5) members per group25%Week 1425th July 2024
Task:
Interview one (1) English teacher on problems they encounter in the teaching of grammar.
Description:· This is a group project where you are required to conduct a small-scale study and produce a research report.· You are required to interview one English language teacher (preferably secondary / post-secondary school teacher) on problems they encounter in the teaching of grammar.· Analyze the problem(s).· Suggest possible solutions (in the form. of activities and lesson plan).· You are expected to regularly consult your course instructor especially when formulating interview questions and analyzing data.

Submission:· Use the standard Assignment Cover Page provided by the instructor.· The compilation order of your assignment is as following:d. Cover Pagee. Table of Contentf. Reportg. Reference listh. Interview Transcript.· Compile and save your assignment file in the following format:  RUBRICSCriteriaWeightageOutstanding (10-9)Mastering (8-7)Developing (6-5)Beginning (4-0)
Identify the problem (TGC 2a.1)

10
Identify the problem of teaching grammar critically with an insightful problem statement listing substantial relevant contextual factors.
Identify the problem of teaching grammar with a well-defined problem statement listing major relevant contextual factors.

Identify the problem of teaching grammar with a moderately detailed problem statement listing some relevant contextual factors.
Identify the problem of teaching grammar by listing a few relevant contextual factors in a superficial way.

Propose solutions to existing problem (TGC 2a.2)
10
Develop a comprehensive and consistent plan to solve the problem(s) of teaching grammar and recognize consequences of solutions that articulates a reason for choosing a solution.
Develop a feasible and consistent plan to solve the problem(s) of teaching grammar and recognize consequences of solutions that articulate a reason for choosing a solution.

Develop a feasible plan to solve the problem(s) of teaching grammar and recognizes some consequences of solutions that articulates a reason for choosing a solution.
Develop a plan to solve the problem(s) of teaching grammar and recognize a few consequences of solutions that articulates a reason for choosing a solution.
CriteriaWeightageOutstanding (5-4)Mastering (3)Developing (2)Beginning (1-0)
Justify and theorize your perspective as a student teacher (TGC 2b.5)5
Articulate a detailed perspective and the reasoning behind it and develop a reasonable and well-thought-out conclusion/solution. Fully recognizes biases and multiple points of view.


Articulate a perspective and the basic reasoning behind it and develop a reasonable and well-thought-out conclusion/solution. Adequately recognizes biases or multiple points of view.


Articulate a perspective and the basic reasoning behind it and develop a reasonable and well-thought-out conclusion/solution. Partially recognizes biases or multiple points of view.
Does not articulate a clear perspective and fails to justify a conclusion/ solution. Does not recognize biases or multiple points of view.


         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
